you go
so what does that do again Chris so so
this pixel dropping folks oh thanks for
toffee cream right okay and I just seals
the mortar that fills all the balls
right okay they're not to stop the water
all right so what you're going to do
after use on this candy okay Ernest
menville is at the bottom what's tanking
just cement base already when she
obviously seals a wall from any ingress
and seal it right okay you can obviously
be to the village across the wall okay
then you take it and then what happens
after that diri plastid yeah this wall
NUI now we're going to use it
specialties plastic alarm line
renovation plastic okay
and as well we're going to use a 22 mil
insulation board right okay that's cool
thank you so how long is it's left to
dry before you start with the next
treatment and what we'll do next even
straight away the tanking okay which
ones are set we can now put which will
be set for tomorrow we'll be back
tomorrow at any time we'll put the line
right on there plaster walls on here and
then we'll come back and scare me
because I needs 24 hours to drive right
so you talk about three days to do all
this yes but car visits it's over three
there's three days we're going policies
right simple that's great thank you
people that say there's no such thing as
rising damp and that's a big massive
debate that you all have something there
is such a thing as rising done
some people say there isn't like you
know okay yeah
stuff that goes on on the inside
taking solution that goes on so they mix
it in those pockets there obviously gets
applied to all but much more I can say
about that so this is the second stage
this is the year oh okay when the end
coming through the sort of final stages
I'm just looking at the insulating
plastic mold this is what is going to go
on the wall over there once that is dry
you're going to use pasta put some bags
on the wall then the insulated plaster
board is going to be fitted to the wall
and then that's going to be skinned as
well so you can see it's going to be
completely sealed and also really isn't
it so this is the what is this possibly
putting on lime I've been making plastic
right from what's the advantage of that
this is fat just pasta to combat with
the salt and the rising up all right
it's okay all right just one coat of
this and then follows we'll need to
coached here bring the pinkness out
right okay and then it's a skin can you
talk all right fellas that's it just
finishing up now doing the final coat
well that's what we're out of plaster to
go on top of there I've got the sockets
there they can cover it up in everything
else but obviously they will be once the
boarding goes on really used longer
screws to refix those back in place and
as you can see the wall brickwork is
completely sealed its Lucas impervious
to damn
it is and once the installation board
goes on that wall that will ensure that
you don't get any condensation on that
wall with it being an outer wall if you
look outside you can see there that
you've got the party wall which is
coming through so that's going to
transfer some of the cold air or the
cold from the outside to the inside but
the insulation board will start that
that's it okay this is the third of
August 2012 as you can see they have
finished the tanking and the plaster
plaster II skirting boards have been
fitted back and also the dado has gone
back I'll just walk in a little bit
closer so you can see all the sockets
have been put back in place really
chuffed with that just got to give it a
week now for all of that to dry out the
corner there which was curved has now
been changed so it's a square corner but
it looks nice there's no difference you
can see there they've got the difference
where is it a different plastic line
there so where we put out to dry for
once that's right that'll be it they've
even put the aerial connections back in
and you fix the phone line as well I
just got to get to some cable tacks and
tap that back in place and that's about
it so it's all done and completed took
them three days to do this tanking and I
wish I'd have got it done in the first
place but there you go
right so that's the end of that